Aw, man, did you see this post from Raj?
What? Is it another video of him
and his dog
Lady-and-the-Tramping some spaghetti?
No, he can't afford his apartment,
and he's asking if anyone knows
of a cheap place to live.
I wanna say India,
but it seems mean.
What's so funny?
Raj is looking for a cheap place to live,
and I wrote "India."
Don't post that, be supportive.
Maybe you should be supportive
of my hilarious jokes.
Fine, what should we do?
We're smart,
I'm sure we can think of something.
You wanna let him live here?
Oh, we're smarter than that.
I know our apartment's small,
but I think we can make room.
No, Sheldon!
We are not getting a
life-size Spider-Man statue.
We do have Sheldon's old room.
If he really needs a place to stay,
I guess we should offer it to him.
You're a good friend.
Am I still a good friend
if I wait and hope
that Howard offers him
a place to live first?
You're an even better husband.
I know if the roles were reversed,
he would do it for me.
Where would he stay?
We already have Stuart.
Well, we can make some space
in the garage,
maybe put a cot out there,
get him a space heater, maybe a hot plate.
That sounds awful.
Let's hope he thinks so too.
For the last time, no Hulk,
no Batman, no life-size statues.
Wow.
I'm starting to think you didn't mean it
when you said you wanted to
spruce up the place.
- Hello?
- Hey.
Uh, so, we've been talking,
and if you need a place to stay,
we'd be happy to fix up the garage
for you.
That would be amazing!
I was literally just looking at
my moving boxes,
trying to pick one to live in.
I know it's not ideal,
but you'd have plenty of space
for your furniture,
and there's this cool button that makes
an entire wall go up and down.
I cannot thank you enough.
It is our pleasure.
Hey. Can you hold on one sec? Hello?
Hey, buddy,
you still looking for a place to live?
Uh, yeah, why do you ask?
You know, we have the extra bedroom,
and if you need it, it's yours.
Oh, my God, that's so generous!
It's the least we can do.
Why, I really appreciate it.
Can you hold on one second?
Hey. So, Howard,
what's the bathroom situation gonna be?
Well, there's a sink out there,
that takes care of half your problems.
But I can use
the downstairs bathroom, right?
Yeah, we barely use it,
so, it'll be like it's yours.
Cool, cool.
Yeah, yeah, hold on one second.
Well, I...
Hey. What's it like
sharing a bathroom with Penny?
Is there hair everywhere?
Does she use your loofah?
I don't have a loofah.
Okay, well, if I move in,
you can't use mine. Hold on a second.
Hey. Howard,
how's the Wi-Fi in the garage?
I don't know...
Why are you asking all these questions?
Well, to be honest,
Leonard's on the other line,
and he offered me their spare bedroom.
Great, go live there.
But you made the garage sound so fun.
Yeah, I just didn't want you to
feel bad about it.
Unless Leonard's apartment
also has a raccoon
that chews its way in
on cold nights, go there.
One second.
Okay, I think we're close.
How do you feel about
a mini-fridge in my room?
Hey. Pal, you wanna live here or not?
Oh. Uh, hi, Penny. Yes, please.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Hi. Penny, this circular
is addressed to "occupant,"
but with our apartment switch,
it's unclear whether it's yours or mine.
- What's it for?
- Uh, roofing.
Yeah, it's yours.
Okay, thanks.
"Just throw it out."
Speaking of occupants,
I'm given to understand Raj will be
moving into my old room.
Yeah, for a little while.
What about his dog?
Uh, she'll be in her crate,
it's not a big deal.
I suppose that's acceptable.
Well, Sheldon's getting
a little better with dogs.
He even took a picture with Pluto
at Disneyland.
If real dogs gave me buttons,
I'd like them too.
Well, I think it's very nice
that you're helping out our friend.
I think it's nice that you're taking
whatever medication
Amy's clearly giving you.
Now, what is that supposed to mean?
Well, it's like that science thing.
For every action,
you have a gigantic and annoying reaction.
Just when I thought
you couldn't get any hotter.
Mmm-hmm.
If you're implying
that I'd have some problem with him
moving into my room, you're wrong.
Now, Raj is in
a difficult financial situation,
and I'm glad he's making changes
to improve it.
Do not adjust the dosage, you nailed it.
Don't listen to them.
What's weird is that Penny
almost got a science fact right.
I mean, it's unfair.
People just assume I'm going to be upset
by Raj moving into my old room.
But, you are, aren't you?
Oh, I'm outraged.
Talk to me, tell me what's going on?
Well, that's been my room
since before I met Leonard,
and now, someone else
is going to be living in it.
And that someone else is not me,
and you know how I feel about people
who aren't me.
There are a lot of memories wrapped up
in that room.
For me, too.
First time you told me you loved me
was in that room.
Wrong, we were standing outside my room
in the hallway.
And there is the love of which I speak.
I realize it's irrational,
but with Raj moving in there,
I'm feeling a bit replaced.
Well, this isn't an easy time for him.
He's losing his apartment, he's in debt,
he's probably humiliated.
Yes, "probably,"
but until we know for sure,
how can I feel better?
Can I get anyone anything at all?
Raj, you don't have to serve us.
It's the least I can do
for helping me carry my stuff up.
Well, it was really no problem.
Not for you, box of towels.
Anyway, thanks again.
Hey. Look at that.
You got a Raj, we got a Stuart,
maybe we should take 'em both to the park,
let 'em run around together.
I don't know,
yours looks like he has worms.
- You ready to go?
- All set.
- What's that?
- A housewarming gift for Raj.
Well, a bunch of fake snakes
better not spring out of it,
'cause that was a lousy
anniversary present.
It's nothing like that.
I just... I thought about Raj's situation,
and I had a change of heart.
And regarding your gift, you said,
"Surprise me," and boy, did I.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Perfect timing. Food's ready.
Yeah, wait. Before we eat,
I have a little
welcome-to-the-building gift for Raj.
- Wait, is anything gonna jump out of that?
- No, I already asked.
Thank you, Sheldon.
It's a blank notebook.
I had some of my best ideas in that room,
and I'm sure you will too.
You also never had sex in that room,
that's something else to look forward to.
This means a lot.
Well, I know
this is a difficult time for you.
You're losing your apartment,
you're in debt,
and you just... You must be humiliated.
- Sheldon.
- Do I...
Good grief, she is such a stickler for
citing sources, those were Amy's words.
- Sheldon...
- I know, I know!
"Good grief" was originally said
by Charlie Brown, geez.
You're right, I am humiliated.
Thanks for pointing it out,
you're such a jerk.
Could you believe this guy?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
I thought that was gonna break
the other way.
Come on, Sheldon,
maybe we should just eat at our place.
Fine.
Wait, you took my room,
you turned my friends against me,
I hope you're happy.
What do I have to be happy about?
My life's a wreck.
How come he can say it and I can't?
Just keep walking.
Hello, Sheldon, what a pleasant surprise.
How are you?
Honestly, I've been better.
Do you have time?
Leonard says you're very busy these days.
Oh, I just say that because he prattles.
What's going on?
Well, our friend Raj moved
into my old room,
and it's brought up
a lot of negative feelings for me.
Hmm. What do you think
the loss of your room represents?
Beverly, you know
I hold you in high esteem,
can we skip the part where you pretend
not to know the answer,
and get to the part
where you tell me the answer?
Very well, but if you don't mind,
I'd still like to pause for effect.
Now...
You've recently moved in
with Dr. Fowler, yes?
I have.
But clearly, your old room represents
an escape hatch,
and without it, you're forced to confront
the terrifying reality of being trapped
in a relationship with Amy forever.
I hadn't thought about that.
And don't start thinking about it now!
Hello, Amy.
Your defensiveness may indicate
similar insecurities
about your relationship with Sheldon.
That's not true!
She said defensively.
This isn't about me and Sheldon,
this is about Rajesh moving in
with Leonard and Penny.
Interesting.
They've found a need to take
yet another roommate.
It seems they're avoiding
some harsh realities themselves.
I had no idea all our relationships
were such a disaster.
Boy, you're good.
That is the word on the street, dear.
Maybe moving in was a bad idea.
I haven't been here one day,
I'm already causing problems.
No, you didn't do anything, it's Sheldon.
"You didn't do anything, it's Sheldon,"
that would make a nice needlepoint pillow.
Relax, we're happy to have you.
Thank you, but how do I know
you're not saying that just to be nice?
Do you actually pay for that haircut?
That'll do it.
Hey, Raj, I owe you an apology.
Could you please
put your dog on a leash?
Sheldon, she's fine.
Well, then at least hold her still,
so I can pretend she's stuffed.
Raj, I let my emotions get the best of me,
and I unfairly took it out on you.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
Oh, I can't take all the credit.
I spoke with Leonard's mother,
and she made me feel better.
I don't know who you talked to,
but that wasn't my mother.
Beverly pointed out that I'm experiencing
insecurities in my relationship with Amy,
in the same way that Leonard and Penny
are in their relationship.
What are you talking about? We're fine.
Yes, you're fine as long as
you have a buffer living with you
to distract from your marital problems.
It used to be me,
now it's Raj and his attack tribble.
Anyway, I'm sorry for everything.
Oh. And FYI, if you cry
while they're fighting,
they'll take you to McDonald's.
Hello, Leonard.
Why are you saying
we have marital problems?
We don't have marital problems.
I see, you must be yelling at me
out of wedded bliss.
Look, just because we took our friend in
does not mean that Penny and I
are afraid to be alone.
Yeah, this is a special circumstance.
Sheldon mentioned you tried to
get your brother to live with you as well.
Yeah, well, a circumstance can happen
twice and still be special.
Do you agree with that?
Well, now that you point it out...
Are you kidding me?
We do seem to keep finding roommates.
Now you're taking her side?
Dear, I would never come between
you and Leonard.
That's for your parade of roommates to do.
Howard.
It's me. It's just me.
What are you doing here?
Well, I texted you,
but you didn't respond,
and Leonard and Penny were arguing...
Not on my watch!
It's fine, it's just Raj.
You can hit him with the bat,
but it's fine.
And if my heart stops, just let me go.
I'm sorry, guys.
Sheldon was upset,
Leonard and Penny were fighting,
I just wanted to go someplace
where I wasn't causing problems.
I'll say it again,
India.
Can I just stay in the garage?
Don't do that,
we'll make up the couch for you,
and figure out something in the morning.
- Thank you.
- Come on,
I'll get you some sheets,
and then we'll see
if I can beat my high score
on the blood pressure machine.
Never should've had
all these kids so close together.
Are you okay?
I can't sleep.
What's wrong?
Beverly believes I unconsciously
consider my old room an escape hatch.
Is that bothering you?
Yes. I don't care for
unconscious thoughts.
My brain and I are best friends,
it should tell me everything.
I mean,
how it relates to our relationship,
not the bromance between you
and your brain.
Well, what if she's correct?
Doesn't that say
something troubling about us?
I don't know, I just think
you're the kind of person
who likes a contingency plan.
That is true.
Did you know I figured out
in which order I would eat all my friends
in the event of an apocalypse?
You need to stop hanging out
with your brain so much,
it's not a good influence.
If you're looking for spare change,
I already cleaned it out.
Well... Didn't think
this is where my life would be.
Me, either.
I'm in a bedroom and you're on a couch,
I'm actually winning.
You know, we're both down on our luck,
maybe you and I should try
to get a place together.
Okay, listen to me.
Okay.
There is no reason to leave here.
This is great.
Everyone's nice, it's comfortable.
If all goes according to plan,
this is my retirement home.
Wouldn't you feel better about yourself
if you were more independent?
Better than I feel in their steam shower?
I don't think so.
Penny would be the entree.
Then Leonard's basically a cheese course.
And then because I love you,
you're dessert.
I wanna say, "Aw,"
but I'm gonna say, "Ew."
Well, you see, I'm doing this
so I can stop being spoiled
and, you know, grow as a person.
Good for you.
This sandwich has
six dollars' worth of ham in it.
Don't you even feel a little bad
sponging off your friends?
Hey, look, I went to art college,
I tried to make it as a graphic artist,
comic book artist,
and you know what I got for my efforts?
A visible rib cage.
I'm not kidding,
you can see my heart beating.
Well, no offense,
but I didn't go to art school.
I have a PhD in astrophysics.
Hmm. Great. Then it'll be easier for you
to look up at the stars
without a roof over your head.
Morning.
Did you know Raj moved out last night?
What? Why?
"Leonard and Penny,
I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused.
"I went to stay at Howard's.
"P.S., Cinnamon's with me,
"but if you feel like
messing with Sheldon,
"tell him she's loose in the building."
I feel terrible.
Should we go bring him back?
Well, you're the one worried
having someone live with us
is a sign of problems.
Well, that was just because
my mother got in my head.
It's like being possessed,
but instead of Satan, it's...
Actually, it's the same thing.
All right,
so we'll ask him to come back.
Great.
Don't you wanna get dressed first?
Just one second.
Help, Cinnamon's loose in the building!
Amy, quick, lock the door!
We're so sorry
if we made you feel uncomfortable,
we really weren't fighting about you.
I just never want to be a burden
on my friends.
Me, either, don't wanna be a burden.
Is that the baby? I'll go check.
You're not a burden,
and we want you to come back
and stay with us.
But I also upset Sheldon,
and he's not gonna wanna come over
if I'm there.
More reasons for you to stay.
Halley's fine.
You know
she's at my parents' house, right?
And she's having the time of her life.
If you ever wanna change things up,
you're always welcome here.
Just not in our bedroom, you dumbass.
I appreciate it,
but I think staying with Leonard and Penny
makes more sense for everyone.
Then it's settled.
And just so you know, it's only temporary,
I'm not gonna get too comfortable.
Good, nobody needs a mooch
living in their house forever.
Hey, that's no way
to talk about your baby.
You know what, I'm proud of us.
You know, with Penny
and Leonard taking in Raj,
and Stuart living with Howard
and Bernadette,
we're the only couple of our social group
who doesn't need to fill the holes
in their relationship with a third party.
Yeah, we're killing it.
English - SDH